Sister Lei, we have already dealt with it.
However, we can have one more depository this time.
I'm afraid this life will be difficult.
Zhang Feng, do you want to sleep familiarly?
Let's go first. Let's go, what's wrong?
Sister Lei, you are afraid.
What am I afraid of? I am in trouble,
Widow of Cobh. If they really want to kill me.
Then just kill him, it's all a waste of time.
Sister Lei, I don’t know how to comfort you.
Don't forget your words. You care too much about what others think.
In fact, the so-called segment barrier has nothing to do with Cove.
Those are all folk rumors.
When you look at Zhang Feng, there is a line of wisdom.
These two lines and two are called broken chapters
In fact, being out of context means that you are extremely subjective.
Unwilling to listen to other people's opinions
Second, you are also very adaptable and hard-working.
Love proves that it will not give up until success is achieved
Generally speaking, there are good and bad
But it has nothing to do with overcoming
You will have a great career in the future